Car Data Analysis and Categorization Project
Overview
Welcome to the Car Data Analysis and Categorization project! This project is designed to assist customers in making informed decisions when choosing a car based on various parameters. We analyze data from different car brands, categorize the cars by price range, and present the results in an interactive dashboard.

Project Goals
Data Analysis: Explore and analyze data from various car brands to extract meaningful insights.

Categorization by Price: Implement a categorization algorithm to group cars into different price ranges.

User-Parameterized Choices: Allow users to input specific parameters (e.g., fuel efficiency, horsepower) to customize their car search.

Dashboard Presentation: Display the analyzed data and categorized results through an intuitive and interactive dashboard.

How It Works
Data Collection:

Gather data from different car brands, including specifications such as price, fuel efficiency, horsepower, and other relevant features.
Data Analysis:

Utilize statistical and exploratory data analysis techniques to gain insights into the dataset.
Categorization Algorithm:

Develop an algorithm to categorize cars based on their prices into different ranges (e.g., budget, mid-range, luxury).
User Input Interface:

Create an interface allowing users to input their preferences and parameters for car selection.
Customized Categorization:

Implement a system that dynamically categorizes cars based on user-defined parameters.
Dashboard Creation:

Develop an interactive dashboard that visually represents the categorized data, providing an easy-to-understand overview.
Result Presentation:

Display the results on the dashboard, allowing users to explore and compare cars based on their preferences.
Getting Started
To run the project locally, follow these steps:

Clone the Repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/car-data-analysis.git
Install Dependencies:

bash
Copy code
cd car-data-analysis
# Instructions for installing dependencies (if any)
Run the Application:


Features
Data Visualization: Explore visual representations of car data through charts and graphs.

User-Friendly Interface: An intuitive dashboard interface for easy interaction.

